.TH AUTOSIZE 1 2025-Dec "" "Calculate recommended canvas size for MSImaging visualization"
.SH NAME
autoSize \- autoSize(dims, padding,
    <i>scale</i> = <span style='color: green;'>1</span>,
    <i>is.multiple.combine.wide</i> = <span style='color: blue !important;'>FALSE</span>,
    <i>ratio.threshold</i> = <span style='color: green;'>1.25</span>,
    <i>ratio.scale</i> = <span style='color: green;'>1.5</span>)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIautoSize(dims, padding,
    <i>scale</i> = <span style='color: green;'>1</span>,
    <i>is.multiple.combine.wide</i> = <span style='color: blue !important;'>FALSE</span>,
    <i>ratio.threshold</i> = <span style='color: green;'>1.25</span>,
    <i>ratio.scale</i> = <span style='color: green;'>1.5</span>)\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Automatically evaluates appropriate canvas dimensions considering padding, scaling,
and aspect ratio adjustments for multi-sample imaging displays.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBdims\fB \fR\- . The dimensions of MSImaging raw data. Can be either:
1. A numeric vector with at least two elements representing [width, height]
2. A list object containing at least two named elements "w" and "h".
.PP
.PP
\fBpadding\fB \fR\- . A numeric vector specifying CSS-style padding in the order:
[top, right, bottom, left]. Defines empty space around the imaging data.
.PP
.PP
\fBscale\fB \fR\- 1. Numeric scaling factor for pixel dimensions (default: 1).
Values >1 enlarge, <1 shrink while maintaining original proportions.
.PP
.PP
\fBis.multiple.combine.wide\fB \fR\- FALSE. 
.PP
.PP
\fBratio.threshold\fB \fR\- 1.25. 
.PP
.PP
\fBratio.scale\fB \fR\- 1.5. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
A list containing:
\itemize{
\item size - Numeric vector [width, height] of recommended canvas dimensions
\item scale - Applied scaling factors (if any)
}
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
# Basic usage
autoSize(c(1024, 768), padding = c(20, 15, 20, 15))
.PP
.SH FILES
.PP
SMRUCC/R#.declare_function.autoSize at layout.R:line 33
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © xieguigang, MIT Licensed 2025
