.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-Jan "aes" "aes"
.SH NAME
aes \- Construct aesthetic mappings
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIaes(\fBx\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBy\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBz\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBlabel\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBcolor\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBcolour\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBalpha\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBfill\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBtitle\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBshape\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBclass\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBsize\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBgroup\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
..., 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Construct aesthetic mappings
 
 Aesthetic mappings describe how variables in the data are mapped 
 to visual properties (aesthetics) of geoms. Aesthetic mappings 
 can be set in ggplot() and in individual layers.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- 
 List of name-value pairs in the form aesthetic = variable describing 
 which variables in the layer data should be mapped to which aesthetics 
 used by the paired geom/stat. The expression variable is evaluated 
 within the layer data, so there is no need to refer to the original 
 dataset (i.e., use ggplot(df, aes(variable)) instead of 
 \fBggplot(df, aes(df$variable)))\fR. The names for x and y aesthetics 
 are typically omitted because they are so common; all other aesthetics
 must be named.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBy\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolor\fB \fR\- The color mapping name. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolour\fB \fR\- the alias name of the color parameter. 
.PP
.PP
\fBclass\fB \fR\- 
 mapping data of the element class group.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBlabel\fB \fR\- 
 data source for the scatter annotation label text
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
A list with class uneval. Components of the list are either quosures 
 or constants.
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
This function also standardises aesthetic names by converting color to 
 colour (also in substrings, e.g., point_color to point_colour) and 
 translating old style R names to ggplot names (e.g., pch to shape and 
 cex to size).
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
