.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-01-01 "element_text" "element_text"
.SH NAME
element_text \- Theme elements
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIelement_text(\fBfamily\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBface\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBsize\fR as double = 0, 
\fBhjust\fR as double = 0, 
\fBvjust\fR as double = 0, 
\fBangle\fR as double = 0, 
\fBlineheight\fR as double = 0, 
\fBcolor\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBmargin\fR as double = 0, 
\fBdebug\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBinherit_blank\fR as boolean = FALSE);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Theme elements
 
 text.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBfamily\fB \fR\- Font family. 
.PP
.PP
\fBface\fB \fR\- Font face ("plain", "italic", "bold", "bold.italic"). 
.PP
.PP
\fBsize\fB \fR\- Line/border size in mm; text size in pts.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBhjust\fB \fR\- Horizontal justification (in [0, 1]). 
.PP
.PP
\fBvjust\fB \fR\- Vertical justification (in [0, 1]). 
.PP
.PP
\fBangle\fB \fR\- Angle (in [0, 360]). 
.PP
.PP
\fBlineheight\fB \fR\- Line height. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolor\fB \fR\- Line/border colour. Color is an alias for colour.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBmargin\fB \fR\- 
 Margins around the text. See margin() for more details. When creating a theme, 
 the margins should be placed on the side of the text facing towards the center 
 of the plot.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdebug\fB \fR\- 
 If TRUE, aids visual debugging by drawing a solid rectangle behind the complete 
 text area, and a point where each label is anchored.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBinherit_blank\fB \fR\- 
 Should this element inherit the existence of an element_blank among its parents? 
 If TRUE the existence of a blank element among its parents will cause this 
 element to be blank as well. If FALSE any blank parent element will be ignored 
 when calculating final element state.
. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
