.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-1月 "element_rect" "element_rect"
.SH NAME
element_rect \- Theme elements
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIelement_rect(\fBfill\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBcolour\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBsize\fR as double = 1, 
\fBlinetype\fR as <integer> DashStyle = [Solid], 
\fBcolor\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBinherit_blank\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Theme elements
 
 In conjunction with the theme system, the \fBelement_\fR functions
 specify the display of how non-data components of the plot are 
 drawn.
 
 borders and backgrounds.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBfill\fB \fR\- Fill colour.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolor\fB \fR\- Line/border colour. Color is an alias for colour.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolour\fB \fR\- Line/border colour. Color is an alias for colour.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBsize\fB \fR\- Line/border size in mm; text size in pts.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBlinetype\fB \fR\- 
 Line type. An integer (0:8), a name (blank, solid, dashed, dotted, 
 dotdash, longdash, twodash), or a string with an even number (up 
 to eight) of hexadecimal digits which give the lengths in consecutive 
 positions in the string.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBinherit_blank\fB \fR\- 
 Should this element inherit the existence of an element_blank 
 among its parents? If TRUE the existence of a blank element
 among its parents will cause this element to be blank as well. 
 If FALSE any blank parent element will be ignored when calculating
 final element state.
. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
