.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-Jan "geom_text" "geom_text"
.SH NAME
geom_text \- Text
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIgeom_text(\fBmapping\fR as <generic> ggplotReader = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBdata\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBstat\fR as string = "identity", 
\fBposition\fR as string = "identity", 
\fBparse\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBnudge_x\fR as double = 0, 
\fBnudge_y\fR as double = 0, 
\fBcheck_overlap\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBna_rm\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBshow_legend\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBinherit_aes\fR as boolean = TRUE, 
\fBcolor\fR as any = "steelblue", 
\fBwhich\fR as <generic> Expression = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBalpha\fR as double = 1, 
\fBsize\fR as <generic> Single = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
..., 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Text
 
 Text geoms are useful for labeling plots. They can be used by themselves 
 as scatterplots or in combination with other geoms, for example, for 
 labeling points or for annotating the height of bars. geom_text() adds 
 only text to the plot. geom_label() draws a rectangle behind the text, 
 making it easier to read.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBmapping\fB \fR\- 
 Set of aesthetic mappings created by aes() or aes_(). If specified and 
 inherit.aes = TRUE (the default), it is combined with the default mapping 
 at the top level of the plot. You must supply mapping if there is no plot 
 mapping.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- 
 The data to be displayed in this layer. There are three options:
 
 If NULL, the Default, the data Is inherited from the plot data As 
 specified In the Call To ggplot().
 
 A data.frame, Or other Object, will override the plot data. All objects 
 will be fortified To produce a data frame. See fortify() For which 
 variables will be created.
 
 A Function will be called With a Single argument, the plot data. The Return 
 value must be a data.frame, And will be used As the layer data. A Function 
 can be created from a formula (e.g. ~ head(.x, 10)).
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBstat\fB \fR\- 
 The statistical transformation to use on the data for this layer, as a 
 string.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBposition\fB \fR\- 
 Position adjustment, either as a string, or the result of a call to a 
 position adjustment function. Cannot be jointy specified with nudge_x or 
 nudge_y.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBparse\fB \fR\- 
 If TRUE, the labels will be parsed into expressions and displayed as 
 described in ?plotmath.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBnudge_x\fB \fR\- 
 Horizontal and vertical adjustment to nudge labels by. Useful for 
 offsetting text from points, particularly on discrete scales. Cannot be 
 jointly specified with position.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBnudge_y\fB \fR\- 
 Horizontal and vertical adjustment to nudge labels by. Useful for 
 offsetting text from points, particularly on discrete scales. Cannot be 
 jointly specified with position.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcheck_overlap\fB \fR\- 
 If TRUE, text that overlaps previous text in the same layer will not be 
 plotted. check_overlap happens at draw time and in the order of the data. 
 Therefore data should be arranged by the label column before calling 
 geom_text(). Note that this argument is not supported by geom_label().
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBna_rm\fB \fR\- 
 If False, the Default, missing values are removed With a warning. 
 If True, missing values are silently removed.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBshow_legend\fB \fR\- 
 logical. Should this layer be included in the legends? NA, the default, 
 includes if any aesthetics are mapped. FALSE never includes, and TRUE 
 always includes. It can also be a named logical vector to finely select
 the aesthetics to display.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBinherit_aes\fB \fR\- 
 If False, Overrides the Default aesthetics, rather than combining With 
 them. This Is most useful For helper functions that define both data And 
 aesthetics And shouldn't inherit behaviour from the default plot 
 specification, e.g. borders().
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolor\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBargs\fB \fR\- 
 Other arguments passed On To layer(). These are often aesthetics, used To 
 Set an aesthetic To a fixed value, Like colour = "red" Or size = 3. They
 may also be parameters To the paired geom/stat.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
