.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-01-01 "geom_boxplot" "geom_boxplot"
.SH NAME
geom_boxplot \- A box and whiskers plot (in the style of Tukey)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIgeom_boxplot(\fBcolor\fR as list = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBwidth\fR as double = 1, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
A box and whiskers plot (in the style of Tukey)
 
 The boxplot compactly displays the distribution of a continuous variable. 
 It visualises five summary statistics (the median, two hinges and two 
 whiskers), and all "outlying" points individually.
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
## Orientation
 This geom treats Each axis differently And, thus, can thus have two 
 orientations. Often the orientation Is easy To deduce from a combination 
 Of the given mappings And the types Of positional scales In use. Thus, 
 ggplot2 will by Default Try To guess which orientation the layer should 
 have. Under rare circumstances, the orientation Is ambiguous And guessing 
 may fail. In that Case the orientation can be specified directly Using the 
 orientation parameter, which can be either "x" Or "y". The value gives 
 the axis that the geom should run along, "x" being the Default orientation 
 you would expect For the geom.

 ## Summary statistics
 The lower And upper hinges correspond To the first And third quartiles 
 (the 25th And 75th percentiles). This differs slightly from the method 
 used by the boxplot() Function, And may be apparent With small samples. 
 See boxplot.stats() For For more information On how hinge positions are 
 calculated For boxplot().

 The upper whisker extends from the hinge To the largest value no further 
 than 1.5 * IQR from the hinge (where IQR Is the inter-quartile range, Or 
 distance between the first And third quartiles). The lower whisker extends 
 from the hinge To the smallest value at most 1.5 * IQR Of the hinge. Data 
 beyond the End Of the whiskers are called "outlying" points And are plotted 
 individually.

 In a notched box plot, the notches extend 1.58 * IQR / sqrt(n). This gives a 
 roughly 95% confidence interval for comparing medians. See McGill et al. 
 (1978) for more details.

 ## Aesthetics
 geom_boxplot() understands the following aesthetics (required aesthetics are 
 in bold):

 + x Or y
 + lower Or xlower
 + upper Or xupper
 + middle Or xmiddle
 + ymin Or xmin
 + ymax Or xmax
 + alpha
 + colour
 + fill
 + group
 + linetype
 + shape
 + size
 + weight

 Learn more about setting these aesthetics In vignette("ggplot2-specs").

 ## Computed variables
 stat_boxplot() provides the following variables, some of which depend on the orientation:

 + width: width of boxplot
 + ymin Or xmin: lower whisker = smallest observation greater than Or equal To lower hinge - 1.5 * IQR
 + lower Or xlower: lower hinge, 25% quantile
 + notchlower: lower edge Of notch = median - 1.58 * IQR / sqrt(n)
 + middle Or xmiddle: median, 50% quantile
 + notchupper: upper edge Of notch = median + 1.58 * IQR / sqrt(n)
 + upper Or xupper: upper hinge, 75% quantile
 + ymax Or xmax: upper whisker = largest observation less than Or equal To upper hinge + 1.5 * IQR

 ## References
 
 > McGill, R., Tukey, J. W. And Larsen, W. A. (1978) Variations of box plots. 
   The American Statistician 32, 12-16.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
