.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-1月 "geom_col" "geom_col"
.SH NAME
geom_col \- Bar charts
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIgeom_col(\fBmapping\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBdata\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBposition\fR as any = "stack", 
\fBjust\fR as double = 0.5, 
\fBwidth\fR as double = 0, 
\fBna_rm\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBshow_legend\fR as boolean = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBinherit_aes\fR as boolean = TRUE, 
\fBargs\fR as list = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Bar charts
 
 There are two types of bar charts: geom_bar() and geom_col(). geom_bar() 
 makes the height of the bar proportional to the number of cases in each
 group (or if the weight aesthetic is supplied, the sum of the weights).
 If you want the heights of the bars to represent values in the data, use 
 geom_col() instead. geom_bar() uses stat_count() by default: it counts 
 the number of cases at each x position. geom_col() uses stat_identity():
 it leaves the data as is.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBmapping\fB \fR\- Set of aesthetic mappings created by aes(). If specified
 and inherit.aes = TRUE (the default), it is combined with the default mapping 
 at the top level of the plot. You must supply mapping if there is no plot 
 mapping.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- The data to be displayed in this layer. There are three options:
 If NULL, the Default, the data Is inherited from the plot data As specified 
 In the Call To ggplot().
 A data.frame, Or other Object, will override the plot data. All objects will be
 fortified To produce a data frame. See fortify() For which variables will be
 created.
 A Function will be called With a Single argument, the plot data. The Return 
 value must be a data.frame, And will be used As the layer data. A Function 
 can be created from a formula (e.g. ~ head(.x, 10)).. 
.PP
.PP
\fBposition\fB \fR\- Position adjustment, either as a string naming the 
 adjustment (e.g. "jitter" to use position_jitter), or the result of a call 
 to a position adjustment function. Use the latter if you need to change the
 settings of the adjustment.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBjust\fB \fR\- Adjustment for column placement. Set to 0.5 by default, 
 meaning that columns will be centered about axis breaks. Set to 0 or 1 to place 
 columns to the left/right of axis breaks. Note that this argument may have 
 unintended behaviour when used with alternative positions, e.g. position_dodge().. 
.PP
.PP
\fBwidth\fB \fR\- Bar width. By default, set to 90% of the resolution() of
 the data.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBna_rm\fB \fR\- If FALSE, the default, missing values are removed with a
 warning. If TRUE, missing values are silently removed.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBshow_legend\fB \fR\- logical. Should this layer be included in the legends? 
 NA, the default, includes if any aesthetics are mapped. FALSE never includes, 
 and TRUE always includes. It can also be a named logical vector to finely select 
 the aesthetics to display.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBinherit_aes\fB \fR\- If FALSE, overrides the default aesthetics, rather 
 than combining with them. This is most useful for helper functions that define 
 both data and aesthetics and shouldn't inherit behaviour from the default plot 
 specification, e.g. borders().. 
.PP
.PP
\fBargs\fB \fR\- Other arguments passed on to layer(). These are often aesthetics,
 used to set an aesthetic to a fixed value, like colour = "red" or size = 3. They 
 may also be parameters to the paired geom/stat.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
