.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-01-01 "ggplot" "ggplot"
.SH NAME
ggplot \- Create a new ggplot
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIggplot(\fBdata\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBmapping\fR as any = CALL "AES"(), 
\fBcolorSet\fR as any = "paper", 
..., 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a new ggplot
 
 \fBggplot()\fR initializes a ggplot object. It can be used to declare 
 the input data frame for a graphic and to specify the set of 
 plot aesthetics intended to be common throughout all subsequent 
 layers unless specifically overridden.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- 
 Default dataset to use for plot. If not already a data.frame, 
 will be converted to one by fortify(). If not specified, must be 
 supplied in each layer added to the plot.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBmapping\fB \fR\- 
 Default list of aesthetic mappings to use for plot. If not specified, 
 must be supplied in each layer added to the plot.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBargs\fB \fR\- 
 Other arguments passed on to methods. Not currently used.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenvironment\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
a ggplot base layer object which can be rendering to graphics by 
 invoke the \fBplot\fR function.
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
\fBggplot()\fR is used to construct the initial plot object, and is 
 almost always followed by + to add component to the plot. There 
 are three common ways to invoke \fBggplot()\fR:
 
 + \fBggplot(df, aes(x, y, other aesthetics))\fR
 + \fBggplot(df)\fR
 + \fBggplot()\fR
 
 
 The first method Is recommended If all layers use the same data 
 And the same Set Of aesthetics, although this method can also be 
 used To add a layer Using data from another data frame. See the 
 first example below. The second method specifies the Default 
 data frame To use For the plot, but no aesthetics are defined up 
 front. This Is useful When one data frame Is used predominantly 
 As layers are added, but the aesthetics may vary from one layer 
 To another. The third method initializes a skeleton ggplot Object
 which Is fleshed out As layers are added. This method Is useful 
 When multiple data frames are used To produce different layers, 
 As Is often the Case In complex graphics.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
