.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-01-01 "labs" "labs"
.SH NAME
labs \- Modify axis, legend, and plot labels
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIlabs(\fBx\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBy\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBtitle\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBsubtitle\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBcaption\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBtag\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBalt\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBalt_insight\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
..., 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Modify axis, legend, and plot labels
 
 Good labels are critical for making your plots accessible to 
 a wider audience. Always ensure the axis and legend labels 
 display the full variable name. Use the plot title and subtitle 
 to explain the main findings. It's common to use the caption 
 to provide information about the data source. tag can be used 
 for adding identification tags to differentiate between multiple 
 plots.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBy\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBtitle\fB \fR\- The text for the title.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBsubtitle\fB \fR\- 
 The text For the subtitle For the plot which will be displayed 
 below the title.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcaption\fB \fR\- 
 The text for the caption which will be displayed in the 
 bottom-right of the plot by default.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBtag\fB \fR\- 
 The text for the tag label which will be displayed at the top-left 
 of the plot by default.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBalt\fB \fR\- 
 Text used for the generation of alt-text for the plot. See 
 get_alt_text for examples.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBalt_insight\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBargs\fB \fR\- 
 A list of new name-value pairs. The name should be an aesthetic.
. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
You can also set axis and legend labels in the individual scales 
 (using the first argument, the name). If you're changing other 
 scale options, this is recommended.
 
 If a plot already has a title, subtitle, caption, etc., And you want 
 To remove it, you can Do so by setting the respective argument To 
 NULL. For example, If plot p has a subtitle, Then p + labs(subtitle = NULL) 
 will remove the subtitle from the plot.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
