.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-Jan "scale_color_brewer" "scale_color_brewer"
.SH NAME
scale_color_brewer \- Sequential, diverging and qualitative colour scales from ColorBrewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIscale_color_brewer(\fBpalette\fR as any = ["BrBG","PiYG","PRGn","PuOr","RdBu","RdGy","RdYlBu","RdYlGn","Spectral","Accent","Dark2","Paired","Pastel1","Pastel2","Set1","Set2","Set3","Blues","BuGn","BuPu","GnBu","Greens","Greys","Oranges","OrRd","PuBu","PuBuGn","PuRd","Purples","RdPu","Reds","YlGn","YlGnBu","YlOrBr","YlOrRd"], 
\fBdirection\fR as integer = 1, 
\fBalpha\fR as double = 1, 
\fBname\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Sequential, diverging and qualitative colour scales from ColorBrewer
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBname\fB \fR\- 
 The name of the scale. Used as the axis or legend title. If waiver(), the default,
 the name of the scale is taken from the first mapping used for that aesthetic. 
 If NULL, the legend title will be omitted.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdirection\fB \fR\- 
 Sets the order Of colours In the scale. If 1, the Default, colours are 
 As output by RColorBrewer:brewer.pal(). If -1, the order of colours 
 Is reversed.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBalpha\fB \fR\- 
 color alpha channel value between [0,1]
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
The brewer scales provide sequential, diverging and qualitative colour
 schemes from ColorBrewer. These are particularly well suited to display 
 discrete values on a map. See https://colorbrewer2.org for more 
 information.
 
 The brewer scales were carefully designed and tested on discrete data. 
 They were not designed to be extended to continuous data, but results 
 often look good. Your mileage may vary.
 
 The following palettes are available for use with these scales:
 
 #### Diverging
 BrBG, PiYG, PRGn, PuOr, RdBu, RdGy, RdYlBu, RdYlGn, Spectral
 
 #### Qualitative
 Accent, Dark2, Paired, Pastel1, Pastel2, Set1, Set2, Set3
 
 #### Sequential
 Blues, BuGn, BuPu, GnBu, Greens, Greys, Oranges, OrRd, PuBu, PuBuGn, PuRd, Purples, RdPu, Reds, YlGn, YlGnBu, YlOrBr, YlOrRd
 
 Modify the palette through the palette argument.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
