.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH GGPLOT2 1 2000-1月 "theme" "theme"
.SH NAME
theme \- Modify components of a theme
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fItheme(\fBtext\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBaxis_text\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBaxis_title\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBaxis_line\fR as any = "stroke: black; stroke-width: 2px; stroke-dash: solid;", 
\fBaxis_text_x\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBlegend_background\fR as string = "white", 
\fBlegend_text\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBlegend_tick\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBlegend_title\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBlegend_position\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBlegend_split\fR as integer = 6, 
\fBplot_background\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBplot_title\fR as <generic> textElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBpanel_background\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBpanel_grid\fR as any = "stroke: lightgray; stroke-width: 1px; stroke-dash: dash;", 
\fBpanel_grid_major\fR as any = "stroke: lightgray; stroke-width: 1px; stroke-dash: dash;", 
\fBpanel_grid_minor\fR as any = "stroke: lightgray; stroke-width: 1px; stroke-dash: dash;", 
\fBpanel_border\fR as <generic> rectElement = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBline\fR as any = "stroke: lightgray; stroke-width: 1px; stroke-dash: dot;");\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Modify components of a theme
 
 Themes are a powerful way to customize the non-data components of 
 your plots: i.e. titles, labels, fonts, background, gridlines, and 
 legends. Themes can be used to give plots a consistent customized 
 look. Modify a single plot's theme using theme(); see theme_update() 
 if you want modify the active theme, to affect all subsequent plots. 
 Use the themes available in complete themes if you would like to use 
 a complete theme such as theme_bw(), theme_minimal(), and more. 
 
 Theme elements are documented together according to inheritance, read
 more about theme inheritance below.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBaxis_text\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBtext\fB \fR\- all text elements (element_text()). 
.PP
.PP
\fBplot_background\fB \fR\- background of the entire plot (element_rect(); inherits from rect). 
.PP
.PP
\fBlegend_background\fB \fR\- background of legend (element_rect(); inherits from rect). 
.PP
.PP
\fBpanel_background\fB \fR\- background of plotting area, drawn underneath plot (element_rect(); inherits from rect). 
.PP
.PP
\fBlegend_text\fB \fR\- legend item labels (element_text(); inherits from text). 
.PP
.PP
\fBaxis_line\fB \fR\- lines along axes (element_line()). Specify lines 
 along all axes (axis.line), lines for each plane (using axis.line.x or 
 axis.line.y), or individually for each axis (using axis.line.x.bottom, 
 axis.line.x.top, axis.line.y.left, axis.line.y.right). \fBaxis.line.*.*\fR 
 inherits from axis.line.* which inherits from axis.line, which in turn 
 inherits from line. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
A style mapper for create the internal @\fBT:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Data.ChartPlots.Graphic.Canvas.Theme\fR object
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
Theme elements inherit properties from other theme elements hierarchically. 
 For example, axis.title.x.bottom inherits from axis.title.x which inherits 
 from axis.title, which in turn inherits from text. All text elements inherit
 directly or indirectly from text; all lines inherit from line, and all 
 rectangular objects inherit from rect. This means that you can modify the 
 appearance of multiple elements by setting a single high-level component.
 
 Learn more about setting these aesthetics In vignette("ggplot2-specs").
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
ggplot2
.SH FILES
.PP
ggplot.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright xieguigang<xie.guigang@gcmodeller.org> 2021, all rights reserved.
